# `1.3.1` 2023-02-21

## Changelog
- Feature: Slide headline accepts br, i, u, b, strong and span HTML tags (#50)
- Bugfix: correct title attribute in url overlay template (#51 - thanks to Alexander Pankow)
- Bugfix: set text-indent to absolute value in url overlay template (#51 - thanks to Alexander Pankow)

# `1.3.0` 2022-12-12

## Update Notes

**New slide selection in CMS element**  

The slide selection in Elysium Slider CMS element has been revised. The aim is that shop managers can maintain and arrange the slides faster and more effectively. 
So there is an overview of the selected slides, where slides can be repositioned, edited or deleted. The user experience has also been improved with helpful dialogues and hints in the slide selection.  

**Video support of slide covers**  

Videos can now also be linked and uploaded as slide cover. For the time being, only .mp4 or .webm videos are displayed. As slide cover for portraits, as before, only images can be linked. This display is ignored as soon as a video is linked as slide cover.  

**Important note**  

If slides without HTML element or text color for Headlines were initially saved, they could not be saved afterwards. This error has been fixed.  
However, this can lead to the removal of information that has already been maintained (only affects HTML element or text color of the headline property) in created slides.  
**Therefore, these details should be checked in already created slides**

## Changelog
- Feature: New slide selection in CMS element (#11)
- Feature: Video support of slide covers (#9)
- Bugfix: Escaping CSS functions in `Resources/app/storefront/src/scss/_elysium-slider.scss 115:26` (#40)
- Bugfix: Double Quotes background-image inline CSS in `Resources/views/storefront/element/blur-elysium-slide-media.html.twig` added (#41)
- Bugfix: Addes Context menu actions media sidebar (#43)
- Bugfix: Its now possible to save HTML element and textcolor of headline property afterwards (#49)